---
layout: post
title: Rereading a book for my first time
date: 2024-09-12 00:00:00
---

I love arrogance and I love grit. Like a moth to a flame, I'm drawn to people who have overflowing levels of self-confidence.

And I think deep down we all do. But I really do.

So it should come as no surprise, that 18-year old me fell in love with Arnold Schwarzenegger. (also my dad and him are similar)

Today, I reread this book. When I reread it though, I was surprised at how many parts of his story I'd misremembered, and how many narratives I had told myself over the years that were simply not true.

I had to write.

1. ~~Hard work is all you need.~~ Directionality matters - and you'll know within the first month whether something is worth investing hard work into.
2. ~~You can do it alone.~~ Seek out mentors and experts. Keep a beginners mind.
3. ~~Life and luck is emergent~~ Vision matters. You have to visualize success, before you achieve it.
4. ~~You can leave your family behind. Forever~~ Arnold goes to America to pursue his dream, but ultimately takes care of his mother and brings him along for the journey later in life.
5. ~~Wealth comes from "the main thing" ~~ There are steps you can take (brick laying -> supplements -> real estate -> movies). Wealth eventually means income from multiple streams.
6. ~~You can fall into a leading role~~ The only way to be a leading man, is to treat yourself as a leading man. Say no to subpar opportunities when things start working.
7. ~~Bodybuilding was a clear path to success~~ Arnold marketed the hell out of everything he did. He was charismatic and helped bodybuilding go mainstream, just as he did with his movie career.

Arnold for me represents excellence - domination against three domains (strength, acting, and politics)

If you like this archetype, here are a few other biographies from winners:

- <a href="https://amzn.to/3XIAHp1">Elon Musk</a> (by Walter Isaacson)
- <a href="https://amzn.to/3XG3wlX">What It Takes</a> (Steve Schwarzman)
- <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1YaG9xpu-WQKBPUi8yQ4HaDYQLUSa7Y3J/view">How to Win at YouTube</a> (MrBeast)
